
CodexJ
Las Vegas, Nevada
34
Reviewed 4 May 2018 
Knowledgeable staff!
...I was upgraded to a spa room with a harbor view – which was amazing after a long day of swimming on the reef. The beds were comfortable, easy to sleep in! The bathrooms were huge. The room overall was a bit dated, but still...More

2  Thank CodexJ 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 14 May 2018
Dear CodexJ, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience via Tripadvisor. I am so pleased that you enjoyed your stay and particularly enjoyed our exclusive Executive Lounge. The nightly display of flying foxes is a very special sight to witness and many...More


Leslie S
Adelaide, Australia
116
Reviewed 29 April 2018 

via mobile 
Cairns holiday
...On arrival we were upgraded to the spa room from originally booking a king room. This upgrade put us in a room with 2x beds instead of a king. The tv did not allow us to plug in our device which uses HDMI port which...More


Thank Leslie S 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 30 April 2018
Dear Leslie S, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience via Tripadvisor. I was pleased to read that overall your stay was enjoyable however I do apologise that your room upgrade didn't have the right bed configuration for your needs. I will...More

Carlarsen
Copenhagen, Denmark
30666
Reviewed 22 January 2018 

via mobile 
Great location 
...Upon arrival we were persuaded to upgrade our original booking to a spa-room, which - by the way - was very nice on the 8th floor with view over the city. Service is focused and friendly. A typical Hilton hotel. We can definitely recommend this...More





Thank Carlarsen 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 31 January 2018
Dear Carlarsen, Thank you for sharing your experience with us via Tripadvisor. I am so pleased that you enjoyed your stay and found the location of the hotel to be ideal. I am glad that you took advantage of upgrading your room to one of...More

Lolly H
Brisbane, Australia
6731
Reviewed 18 January 2018 
Still Smiling from our Stay at Cairns Hilton!
Had a spa room on 8th floor, balcony & beautiful view. Best location for everything. Spotlessly clean, with crisp robes and huge king size bed. Lobby was fun, with a funky Gin Bar. Best choice for us!More
Review collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & Resorts 

1  Thank Lolly H 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 31 January 2018
Dear 666_Lolly_666, Thank you for taking the time to submit your feedback based on your recent stay at Hilton Cairns. I am so pleased to read that you are still smiling from your stay with us and to hear that you enjoyed your Spa Room...More

katherinewX2345GY
sydney, Australia
1
Reviewed 5 December 2017 
Hilton Cairns
...We were upgraded to a spa room which was greatly appreciated and the views from our room were stunning! the facilities at the hotel exceeded expectations. The wifi was quite poor however I do believe it was under maintenence during the weekend we stayed.More
Review collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & Resorts 

Thank katherinewX2345GY 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 11 December 2017
Dear katherinewX2345GY, Thank you for sharing your experience with us. I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay and were treated to an upgrade to one of our Spa Room. These rooms are highly sought after as they offer the epitome of relaxation,...More

Previous
Next
123456…41
Questions & Answers
Ask a question
See all 30 questions 

Alicia W
Are there hair dryers in room?
22 February 2018|
AnswerShow all 9 answers 
Response from funfunfun14 | Reviewed this property |
Yes .. u can see room amenities on their website

1
Vote


scottieh5
Is there a free shuttle to the hotel from the airport for diamond members?
2 December 2017|
AnswerShow all 9 answers 
Response from Candace S | Reviewed this property |
We used a taxi.

0
Votes


mjfahr
Is wifi complimentary for Hilton honors members? If not, what is the daily charge?
14 November 2017|
AnswerShow all 6 answers 
Response from Vivid T | Reviewed this property |
Yes, wifi is complimentary for hh members. Their is a limit though, I believe it's 1gb per day and you can connect up to 3 devices. Get a data sim with Optus , will work much better if limit or charge is a concern. 

2
Votes

6 - 10 of 205 reviews

13petaz
Cairns, Australia
1
Reviewed 29 November 2017 
Lovely hotel in a great location
We stayed in a spa room on the 8th floor and had a great experience. The room was very well proportioned, the bathroom had a full size bath and separate shower and the view overlooking the waterfront was spectacular. This hotel is in a great...More
Review collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & Resorts 

Thank 13petaz 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 1 December 2017
Dear 13petaz, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us online. I am so pleased that you enjoyed your stay in one of our Spa Rooms on the 8th floor. Our Spa Rooms are highly sought after as they are the...More

funnygirl31188
Fort Walton Beach, Florida
218
Reviewed 17 November 2017 
Beautiful views
I spent two nights there, had a spa room which has amazing views of Trinity Bay. Nice balcony to have coffee. The bed was comfortable. I had dinner there one of the nights and it was great. Staff is top notch, very nice and friendly.More
Review collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & Resorts 

Thank funnygirl31188 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 28 November 2017
Dear funnygirl31188, Thank you for taking the time to submit your feedback with us online. I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and found the location, room and staff to all be of a very high standard. The views over...More

Sue S
63
Reviewed 22 October 2017 
Stayed 2 nights - 1st day at arrival fantastic, 2nd day before departure not that good
...At the reception, we were told that we won "customer of the day" and were upgraded to the spa room. A concierge took us to our room, which was fantastic. Everything was good. The spa was a one person bathtub with jets installed, but was...More

Thank Sue S 
Response from GM_HI_Cairns, General Manager at Hilton Cairns
Responded 24 October 2017
Dear Sue S, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback based on your recent stay at Hilton Cairns. I was pleased to read the you were impressed with the service and room upon your first stay however I am a little disappointed...More

Ophelia_Ryan
Sydney, Australia
105
Reviewed 24 September 2017 

Ophelia_Ryan
Sydney, Australia
105
Reviewed 24 September 2017 
“Fantastic hotel – amazing views”
My sister and I sayed at the Hilton Cairns for five nights and as always love love this hotel. From check in to check out there is nothing but professionalism, friendliness and hospitality. 

Chris, the Manager was extremely accommodating, friendly and helpful. All Reception staff were friendly. The Hilton has introduced a 'Make it Right' and 'Catch Me at My Best' motto which gives guests an opportunity to provide constructive feedback. Sail is always super friendly. Its always so nice to see familiar and friendly staff at the Hilton Cairns. Tim who works at the bar lounge is always nice and friendly.

We stayed in a room on the 8th floor in a spa room. The beds were extremely comfortable and the rooms were spacious and nice. The views from the the balcony are amazing, with lorakeets chirping at sunset. The visual beauty of the Trinity Inlet and the many Rainbow Lorikeets perched on the palm trees facing the Esplanade and their chirping singing is delightful. The sunrise is amazingly beautiful.

The room attendants were very courteous and helful as has been my experience from my previous two stays at the Hilton Cairns. Housekeeping staff wrote very nice notes. Indra wrote ‘Have a good day’, Natalia wrote 'Enjoy your stay. Have a great day”. Doreen wrote 'have a nice day. As it was somewhat cold in the room I needed extra blankets, the room attendants were always fast to provide things such as extra blankets. I still love the Peter Thomas Roth toiletry products and they are always something I look forward to at the Hilton Cairns.

The breakfast staff are always helpful and friendly. A lovely female staff member made me a very early morning coffee as I could not sleep. This service certainly goes above and beyond. 

The Hilton Cairns recently acquired fabulous Massage chairs - a fantastic addition to the hotel. 

Another fantastic stay at the Hilton. Fabulous views, perfect location, friendly and helpful staff. Looking at the magnificient Trinity Inlet mountains and sunrise from the balcony was breathtaking. 

The great location, views, staff hospitality, service and buffet breakfast make the Hilton Cairns perfect. This is the only hotel I stay at in Cairns and this is my third stay in a year.
